Adds ``--base-path` to solc when compiling in `--standard-json` mode for resolving relative paths. (#8927)
ethereum/solidity: docs/using-the-compiler.rst

If there are multiple matches due to remappings, the one with the longest common prefix is selected.

> When importing files, all to be imported files are treated as if they were fully qualified paths,
> unless remapped as earlier shown. This behaviour can be customized by adding the command line
> option ``--base-path`` with a path to be prepended before each import is performed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing the filesystem to search for imports, all paths are treated as if they were fully qualified paths.
This behaviour can be customized by adding the command line
option ``--base-path`` with a path to be prepended before each filesystem access for imports is performed.
```

For security reasons the compiler has restrictions what directories it can access. Paths (and their subdirectories) of source files specified on the commandline and paths defined by remappings are allowed for import statements, but everything else is rejected. Additional paths (and their subdirectories) can be allowed via the ``--allow-paths /sample/path,/another/sample/path`` switch.

> 

Reviewer: Everything inside the path specified via `--base-path` is always allowed.

If there are multiple matches due to remappings, the one with the longest common prefix is selected.

When accessing the filesystem to search for imports, all paths are treated as if they were fully qualified paths.
This behaviour can be customized by adding the command line option ``--base-path`` with a path to be prepended before each filesystem access for imports is performed.

> For security reasons the compiler has restrictions what directories it can access.

Reviewer: new paragraph

If there are multiple matches due to remappings, the one with the longest common prefix is selected.

When accessing the filesystem to search for imports, all paths are treated as if they were fully qualified paths.
This behaviour can be customized by adding the command line option ``--base-path`` with a path to be prepended
before each filesystem access for imports is performed. Furthermore, the part added via ``--base-path``
will not appear in the contract metadata.

> For security reasons the compiler has restrictions what directories it can access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For security reasons the compiler has restrictions on what directories it can access.
```
